# Chain
- **Type:** object (`../../examples/01-TheGiftOfTheMagi-O.Henri/The_Gift_of_the_Magi.md:49`)

# The Gift of the Magi (`../../examples/01-TheGiftOfTheMagi-O.Henri/The_Gift_of_the_Magi.md:4`)
- `../../examples/01-TheGiftOfTheMagi-O.Henri/The_Gift_of_the_Magi.md:49` with modifiers: it at last. It surely had been made for @@Jim and no one else. There was no other like it in any of the stores, and she had turned all of them inside out. It was a platinum fob chain simple and chaste in design, properly proclaiming its value by substance alone and not by meretricious ornamentation—as all good things should do. It was even worthy of @@The_Watch. As soon as she saw it she knew that it must be @@Jim’s. It was like him. Quietness and value—the description applied to both. Twenty-one dollars they took from her for it, and she hurried home with the 87 cents. With that chain on his watch @@Jim might be properly anxious about the time in any company. Grand as the watch was, he sometimes looked at it on the sly on account of the old leather strap that he used in place of a chain.
> it at last. It surely had been made for @@Jim and no one else. There was no other like it in any of the stores, and she had turned all of them inside out. It was a platinum fob chain simple and chaste in design, properly proclaiming its value by substance alone and not by meretricious ornamentation—as all good things should do. It was even worthy of @@The_Watch. As soon as she saw it she knew that it must be @@Jim’s. It was like him. Quietness and value—the description applied to both. Twenty-one dollars they took from her for it, and she hurried home with the 87 cents. With that chain on his watch @@Jim might be properly anxious about the time in any company. Grand as the watch was, he sometimes looked at it on the sly on account of the old leather strap that he used in place of a chain.
